Docs refactor - copy edit (#249)
leap-stc/leap-stc.github.io: docs/compute/vs_code_to_hub.md

![VSCode Kernel Selection Menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f5a18a77-fd3d-4104-8f84-3ca2d5b9374a)

- Select the option "Python Environments"

![Select Python Environments](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/867fa947-811d-4a52-b147-61a1a2b88bc6)

- Selected the recommended `conda (Python 3.x.x)` kernel

![Select Conda Kernel](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/772746e7-4eba-49ba-9a89-465b1b19a140)

You should now be good to execute code via remote kernel on the LEAP server from local VSCode!

### 6 [VSCode] Re-connecting to Remote SSH After Setup

- Type `>Remote-SSH: Connect to Host` into the top search bar.

![Remote-SSH Connect to Host](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a015483-05bd-4a43-b449-eab593cb0687)

- Select `leap.2i2c.cloud`. Keep in mind this action will only work if the [2i2c Server](https://leap.2i2c.cloud/hub/home) is already active.

![Select LEAP Server](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a8d95afd-e0ed-41fe-8020-c840516e4dc1)

- Repeat the steps from _"Write / execute your code via a remote kernel"_

Contributors to this documentation:

> - Yuvi [https://github.com/yuvipanda], [jupyter-sshd-proxy](https://github.com/yuvipanda/jupyter-sshd-proxy/blob/main/README.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Yuvi Panda)[https://github.com/yuvipanda], [jupyter-sshd-proxy](https://github.com/yuvipanda/jupyter-sshd-proxy/blob/main/README.md):
```

- Joe Ko [jk4730@columbia.edu], clarifications on how to setup the local public key

> - Sungjoon Park [sp4050@columbia.edu], whom you can contact for questions regarding this workflow

Author: @sungjoon0710 could you switch out the email address links with github links?

> - Sungjoon Park [sp4050@columbia.edu], whom you can contact for questions regarding this workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sungjoon Park](https://github.com/sungjoon0710) for compiling this workflow for LEAP Pangeo.
```
